= html5_validator

* http://github.com/damian/html5_validator

== DESCRIPTION:

Ruby gem to test for valid HTML5 markup with RSpec. It also provides an interface validator.nu.

== INSTALL:

* gem install html5_validator

== MAIN USAGE:
  require 'html5_validator/matchers'

  describe TestController do
    render_views

    it "should be valid html5" do
      get :new
      response.body.should be_valid_html5
    end
  end

If your spec fails it outputs the validation error in your console.

== OTHER USAGE:
  require 'html5_validator/validator'

  @validator = Html5Validator::Validator.new
   
  # Validation a url
  @validator.validate_uri('http://damiannicholson.com')

  # Passing in an html string directly
  @validator.validate_text(@html)

  # Checking to see whether it's valid
  @validator.valid?

  # Viewing errors
  @validator.errors


See more examples in the spec folder.

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2013 Damian Nicholson

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
